oh my fucking god what is this Paul the
weekly runescape pull oh wait a second
it's not weekly however it is the
feedback from all of us about the
rejuvenation of the wilderness yes jagex
does care about their money subscribers
little runescape Ian's little doodads
and all this time I thought jagex were
just fucking us over oh boy was I
totally wrong about the cheeseburgers
anyhoo how this week's poll is the old
school would in this feedback poll if
you don't play runescape 2007 this poll
probably doesn't apply to you however if
you do play runescape 2007 or if you're
kind of bi curious about runescape 2007
well then you should really listen up
goddamn it cuz we're about to journey
inside the factory of the cheeseburgers
so now this is actually kind of fucking
interesting to have this is a little
racist jagex only members of at least a
total level of 280 total level in old
school runescape are allowed to vote
well fuck me running good thing I uh
well good thing I got a level 2 2000
fucking um ah fucking 2080 why won't
this fucking shit fucking let me vote
what is the major what is the major
malfunction here goddamnit alrighty then
there we go feedback poll this dumbass
website logged me out for a second all
right number 10 sure the crazed
archaeologists have his uh fedora added
to a shop table as a reward I have no
but fucking clue what is this shit
talking about I have no idea whatsoever
so just because I don't have a fucking
it's probably gonna make me vote anyways
however I will say yeah it's better to
have shit as a fucking reward than a
fucking on not I guess however not
really sure where the fuck this
crazy-ass Mon barking really a question
to show the chaos fanatic and casts
elements have their have the chaos
creature pet added to the droplets as a
drop the drop and replacing existing
drops yeah yeah uh yeah mama is my is
fucking well I mean it makes logical
sense since both them are fucking
assholes chaos elemental in the you oh
wait Jax added it I don't think I fought
the other chaos though do that anyways
who gives a shit should you be able to
recharge your amulet of glory skills
necklace coming bracelet at the fountain
of rune it receives two charges yes yes
that would actually be fucking amazing
from runescape 2007 should he be able to
charge ringing well as if a yes that
would be fucking amazing I haven't been
to the fountain of uh cock knockers just
yet however I plan on taking a little
Mon Marquis and fucking a trip out there
and stuff like that but yes that would
be fucking awesome should we add ancient
warrior armor sets similar to the armor
sets and mom fucking um Morgan and
steadiest drops fucking I i'm gonna say
i would say no reason being is because
there's already enough fucking item
armor on 2007 no need to inflate the
whole fucking armor and shit like that
should the law of a drag and drop so the
lava drag and drop a lava dragon scale
which can be used to make and extend it
into yes that would actually be fucking
amazing and sexy should we add an npc
inside the resource area who can know
any item for uh yeah nice fucking well
that would be a little little fucking
more interesting and in fucking it would
just be better for the for the fucking
crapple of um you know fucking out god
damn fucking txting fucking thingy well
choppy the log left from a dead ant
should you have a chance of getting a vs
yes that's this fucking that's a
no-brainer goddamn it why is jagex
asking us fucking no-brainer cock
knocking questions should dark crabs
he'll 24 and salut yeah yeah cuz meant
to raise he'll fucking 22 so that's only
logical to the wretched Chapas in the
wilderness be a change to become black
and choppas from hunting level fuck oh
yeah might as well I mean it's fucking
retarded to have them be read from tom
is when we already have fuckin wrench
and trampas no matter why having them be
the evil black some choppers that
actually goes pretty pretty fucking a
better should it be a chance to loot
hard level clue scrolls from the chest
yes I'll be fucking awesome should we
increase limit uh fucking I don't even
know what the fuck this guy didn't thing
is so I'm more vote no I think my magic
cursor just clicked on it by mistake
right now I'm actually killing Green
Dragons on runescape 2007 hahahaha talk
about fucking multi-tasking doing a poll
making a runescape video and killing
Green Dragons at the same time I am
awesome and sexy should God dragonhide
armor and God rune armors um which are
acquired from clue scroll received
prayer bones yeah mine is fucking
whelming prayer bones increase actually
no cuz that's gonna fuck up the whole
Barrow side I actually none and I'd sit
won't fuck it up too much let's see
should we allow players to add their
kill / death count in pv three worlds
yeah my minus fucking well should
replace the dragon hatchet special
attack with an ability to template
increase your woody yeah that would
actually be pretty sexy an awesome yeah
and now I have fucking 102 level would
chop chop I am a 102 level would chop
chop chop chop chop chop chop chop
alright let's see a lot of you guys
voted yes voted yes voted yes voted yes
um voted yea Oh a lot of you people said
no uh well it's really 50-50 on that
that that fucking goddamn little doodad
one over there and shit um yes it's no
brainer yes yes yes no brainer yes no
brainer yes my balls yes ah yes and yes
and her a 102 would chop chop if you
have the fucking skills to get to that
goddamn crap and stuff like that anyways
guys go and vote in shape runescape 2007
which I know you little naughty bastards
fucking will do once again remember it
is our runescape fucking 2007 not the
well not the little SpongeBob's or
fucking cheeseburgers I running around
inside the head of the jagex you gotta
remember that
if we don't fucking vote because there's
only 2300 people now the less people
that votes the less we can shape
runescape for the better otherwise guys
let me know some nasty dirty low
comments if you think runescape 2007 is
headed in a good direction otherwise I
see motherfuckers later bye